---
title: "FAQ"
bg:  forange
color: white
fa-icon: plug
---

# FAQ

**Why do we need yet another Java Testing Framework?**

The truth is you do not need yet another testing framework. If you feel what you
currently use makes you productive you should continue to use it. The intent of
this project, however, is not to simply recreate the wheel but to fill a void
in the Java Testing Framework eco-system. There are numerous testing framework
out there but none that allow you to write Unit, Integration and System tests
quickly and intuitively. Testify is built upon testing best practices and we
feel confident that it will help you write better production and test code as
well as be more productive.

**Who started the project?**

Testify was started by Sharmarke Aden late 2015 because he was not satisfied
with the landscape of Jave Testing Framework. Having written HK2 Testing
Framework, contributed to Cargo, and used various testing frameworks (Spring
Testing Framework, Arquillian, Selenium, etc), and seen countless of ineffective
"unit", "integration", and "system" tests decided there has to be a better way.
A simple way.

**Do you intend to support my favorite XYZ Framework?**

Testify is designed to be modular and extensible. Adding support for a new
dependency injection and application framework is a fairly straight forward
process. Having said that, Testify development team currently consists of a
one-man-team and work has to prioritized. I will seriously consider every
request and if I can add it I will. I am also very open to contribution as well.
The quickest way to add support for something is to submit a Pull Request :)

**Testify only supports constructor injection, what about field and setter injection?**

Field and Setter injection are bad practice. Using them presents an existential
threat to the quality of your code and hamper your productivity writing tests.
Testify if an opinionated framework that adheres to and enforces OOP best
practice. I am afraid Testify will never support field an setter injection.

