---
title: "FAQ"
bg:  fnavy
color: white
fa-icon: plug
---

# FAQ

**Why do we need yet another Java Testing Framework?**

The intent of this project is not to add yet another testing framework to the
Java eco-system or simply re-invent but to fill a void. There are numerous
testing framework out there but none that allow you to write Unit, Integration
and System tests quickly and intuitively. Testify is built upon testing best
practices and we feel confident that it will help you write better production
and test code as well as be more productive.

**Who started the project?**

Testify was started by Sharmarke Aden late 2015 because he was not satisfied
with the landscape of Jave Testing Framework. Having written HK2 Testing
Framework, contributed to Cargo, and used various testing frameworks (Spring
Testing Framework, Arquillian, Selenium, etc), and seen countless of ineffective
"unit", "integration", and "system" tests decided there has to be a better way.
A simple way.

**Do you intend to support my favorite XYZ Framework?**

Testify is designed to be modular and extensible. Adding support for a new
dependency injection or application framework is a fairly straight forward
process. Having said that, Testify development team currently consists of a
one-man-team and work has to prioritized. I will seriously consider every
request and if I can add it I will. I am also very open to and welcome
contribution. Please submit a pull request features you would like to see in
testify:)

**Testify only supports constructor injection, what about field and setter injection?**

Testify is an opinionated framework that adheres to and enforces OOP and testing
best practice. I am afraid Testify will never support field and setter injection.
Field and Setter injection are bad practice and using them presents an
existential threat to the quality of your code and hamper your ability to write
test code.

