---
title: "FAQ"
bg:  fnavy
color: white
fa-icon: question
---

# FAQ

**Why do we need yet another Java Testing Framework?**

The intent of this project is not to add yet another testing framework to the
Java eco-system or simply re-invent the wheel but to fill a void. There are
numerous testing framework out there but none that allow you to write Unit,
Integration and System tests quickly and intuitively. Testify is built upon
testing best practices and we feel confident that it will help you write better
production and test code as well as be more productive.

**Who started the project?**

Testify was started by Sharmarke Aden late 2015 because he was not satisfied
with the landscape of Jave Testing Framework. Having written HK2 Testing
Framework, contributed to Cargo, and used various testing frameworks (Spring
Testing Framework, Arquillian, Selenium, etc), and seen countless of ineffective
"unit", "integration", and "system" tests decided there has to be a better way.

**Do you intend to support my favorite XYZ Framework?**

Testify is designed to be modular and extensible. Adding support for a new
dependency injection or application framework is a fairly straight forward
process. Having said that, Testify development team currently consists of a
one person and work has to prioritized. I will seriously consider every
request and if I can add it I will. I am also very open to contribution.
Please submit a [pull request](https://github.com/FitburIO/testify/pulls) for
a feature you would like to see in Testify:)

**Testify only supports constructor injection, what about field and setter injection?**

Testify is an opinionated framework that adheres to and enforces OOP and testing
best practice. Field and Setter injection are bad practice and using them
present an existential threat to the quality of your code and hamper your
ability to write test code. For these reasons I am afraid Testify will never
support field and setter injection.

**Can my Test Class have multiple Needs?**
Absolutely. both @Need and @ContainerNeed annotation are repeatable and your
test can have as many needs as it needs :)

**Can my Test Class have multiple Modules**
Yes. @Module annotation is repeatable. Having said that it is recommended that
your test class only import one single module to limit the scope of the test and
be more modular.

**I'm having issues, can you help?**
If you come across any issues please [file an issue](https://github.com/FitburIO/testify/issues).